Let aside that are for people who are actually suffering minorities to be like,
no, no, no, this is not cool.
She's got pushback. I'm seen this from small blogs.
I'm not seeing this from anything mainstream, right? Yeah.
Correct.
Cuz mainstream they're always gonna cover for the establishment a hundred
percent of the time. Yeah. They're gonna cover their own.
The thing about those blogs is like a lot of them are basically like a Shafi
refers to 'em is like college papers.
It's like a lot of these blogs are like college student written.
Yeah. But they're often speaking truth. Oh yeah.
Well I would hope I would hope more would come out and say, Hey,
you can't say you're native American. It's like, like, imagine the outrage.
If I just started calling myself African American.
Well, do you know, did you see what Trump said? He said,
I can't call her pons anymore. Cuz she's not an Indian <laugh>
and I'm just like, oh my God, we're not worthy.
He says some hilarious, man. Oh yeah. He really does. He really does.
He's funny off the cuff. Oh yeah. He really is. You know?
And the way he goes after people, like, even though he's the president,
like he still calls people losers. I mean he still,
he still calls them losers on Twitter and goes after them horse face,
horse face. He called stormy Daniel's horse face.
Just think of how repulsive he is. Physically he's fat.
His face is all hanging off of his bones.
He's got white raccoon eyes and orange skin.
And yet he's still will mock stormy Daniels and call her horse face.
Someone tweeted out. I forget who and I apologize the thing he said,
they go imagine what happens.
That Trump's the first person who a porn star and she had to brag about it.
<laugh> and then she paid him.
She has to pay him now. Yeah. Well he did pay her. Right.
But what he paid her,
what she's gonna have to pay him is probably like a factor of three or four.
Yeah, of course.
I mean how much more she's gonna want up paying him for 350 K that's all he
asked for. Yeah. Oh, oh. That's.
Very reasonable that doesn't come. Even cover her book.
Account. It's probably like he just wants just be done with it to get it.
Just gimme that paper. Yeah. Just gimme a little something.
I need a little something from you. Let this, let this slide. I want 300,000.
Yeah. Yeah. That's probably whole book. That's.
Probably all the money. No, she got more than three 50. Do you think? So I'm.
Positive. How much you think.
She got for that book? Uh, 750 ID guess. Yeah.
But she's gotta pay down.
Axis. Sure. And her agent's getting 15. Yeah.
She's probably not even bringing three home. So is all that money's gone.
Oh yeah. It's all gone. Yeah.
All gone a hundred percent gone and no one's buying that book. A.
Successful it's book. It it's stiffed. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody.
Gives a. She said it already. Like I the president. That's your book?
Your book is I the president.
Well, you know, here's any part with her? Do you remember this people?
She was making fun of his Dick. Like she had hit a mushroom Dick, whatever.
And people were like mushroom Dick. That's what she said.
And then people were like that, you know what?
That as up as he is that's body shaming.
You really shouldn't make fun of someone. And she's like, you know what?
You're right. I'm sorry. And then he goes, Hey horse face. She goes,
his mushroom Dick. Like the next day she's back on it. It was amazing. <laugh>.
The fact that he can call her horse face and he's the predator,
but he doesn't even have a horse.
Face. No, it doesn't matter. I know, but it's just.
So we, I mean,
Ted Cruz really is in the uni bomber or whatever the he said he was Zody.
Didn't.
Say that that's the name? He said he, his dad shot FK yes.
<Laugh>.
There.
Just even that that's, it's all so crazy.
That was the best part.
So Ted Cruzs was known as like the best debater in the Senate.
He had this Harvard or Yale, whatever debating team. Great debater.
Everyone recognized him for this. Had the. Do you prep for a debate? Be like,
oh yeah. Well, well your dad shot you. FK it's like, what the? Wait,
what the you supposed.
To say? Well, it didn't have to make sense. Right? People,
people that are Trump supporters don't want it to make sense.
They just want him to win.
Right. Right. Exactly. And it works. Yes.
Yeah. Well he just had to get zingers in. Oh yeah. Yeah.
I mean it's like roast more than.
It's amazing. And they don't get that. There was this my favorite tweet of his,
my favorite, where he goes,
whenever I speak of the losers and the haters I do. So with great affection.
It's not their fault. They were born up exclamation point.
That's a real Trump tweet. It's the best one at its right?
Yeah. You know, one of my favorite things was him at a speech, uh,
where he was talking,
it was 2015 before he even talked about running for president or he was even,
I don't think he was a hundred percent open about running for president.
And he said, there's two ways to talk to China. You could, you know,
could pro things, you could propose things. And he says that like, you know,
normally in, then he says, or you could say, listen. <laugh>. He said, yeah,
you ever heard that? No. Oh my God. It's great. Pull it, pull it.
It's it's great because everybody starts cheering. Yeah.
Because it's so forbidden in this environment wearing an expensive suit,
standing in front of a podium and he says, or you could say, listen. Oh,
like is what we're gonna do? And everybody's start. Yeah. It's so exciting.
Oh my God. It's so much more exciting. Yeah. Than Marco Rubio or you know,
someone, boom gem.
Jeb is a waste. Gem is a big fat mistake. The way.
He did it with the fingers.
Too. He do. I, I watched those videos, which speech?
He in June of 2015. No. When he said mothers.
When he just, just not speech. When he is talking about China, when he said,
listen, China.
China.
China. Yeah. That was a thing. Puerto Rico. When he pronounced.
Muslims, Puerto Rico, I'm announcing a ban on all Muslim immigration.
Muslim here. This is a great listen to this.
Cause it's it's.
Leadership this time. Instead of with his name in gold it's with his words,
is this it discussing a rack. We.
Build a school, we build a road, they blow up the road. They blow up the school.
We build another school. We build another road. They blow them up.
We build again. In the meantime,
we can't get a [inaudible] school built in Brooklyn to the audience's.
Approval talking.
Oil. We have nobody in Washington that sits back and said,
you're not gonna raise that. [inaudible] price. You understand me?
This is uh, a long time ago. Chinese.
Goods here is, listen, your mother, we're gonna tax you 25%.
While polls have Trump in a very early 11. Is that what it says over there?
Yeah. It's at least when this is posted, but here's, what's interesting.
Notice the person who posted it, their name is say no to racist <laugh>.
Oh, uh, yeah. They probably put it up as a negative thing. Well, no.
2011. He would've been considered a Democrat, right? Oh no. He's north Roney.
He endorse Roney. So he's be a Republican.
Regardless of race. He was a Democrat until what? 2010?
Probably around then. Cuz he was gonna run as independent at some point Trump.
2012. Look at that. This is the guy we've been looking for. <laugh> wow.
Seven years ago. But it's.
Says deplorable. They could have changed. They probably changed it.
They probably changed it. Oh. That would be good.
Probably changed it in the future. Cuz it says seven years ago. Yeah.
Time traveler deplorable. That's the time travel that hacked joy and Reed.
Uh yeah. Someone did it. Someone definitely hacked it. Yeah. Just hilarious.
They didn't give the good ver version of that either. Cause they BLE. It said,
well,
not just that cuz he also see if you can find the better version because he, he,
he basically prefaces it. Like, you know, people have been saying it like this,
right. You could say it like this or you can say, listen, you.
And that's when everybody starts.
Cheering, he actually gave an example. What would you do? He actually, okay,
what can you.
Do? Yeah. So easy.
I drop a 25% tax on China and,
and you know, I said to somebody that is really the messenger.
The messenger is important.
I could have one man say we're gonna text you 25%
and I can say another, listen, your.
That's like, this is a Brer film. I.
Know it's it's punish. I know. But.
Heres how the press lies on the campaign trail. He said a point, uh,
I remember what it was, the sense me. He goes, you better shut your mouth.
So he didn't say the word they bleeped it. Oh interest.
And they bleeped it to make it look like he was cursing. And he is like,
you guys are shady as hell.
That's very shady. Yeah. That's shady.
You can't just bleep a pause and pretend that there's some sort of an offensive
word in there. Right. That's really, that's just deceptive.
Right? And it's pervasive. They do it all the time.
Well, who's good out there to challenge him.
They're. You know why they're. Why?
Because we've never had this happen before the whole time.
All those Democrats are fighting each other for the primary, for the nomination,
he's gonna be tweeting the out of those debates.
He's gonna be live tweeting the debates. Right. And they're not gonna,
they have to worry about the tax from their colleagues,
but also from the sitting precedent <laugh> who is like, look at this dope
and he's gonna come up with nicknames for them in this stick. Danang Dick.
He already did. Oh my it's amazing Danang.
Dick Dick Blumenthal center from Connecticut lied about his Vietnam service.
Oh no. He didn't. Trump had started calling him Danang. Dick.
He lied about his Vietnam service. Still got elected. Yep. Whoa
mm-hmm <affirmative> shameless. Yeah. How did he lie? What did he say?
He said he served and he didn't look it up. Yeah. I mean it's it's it is brazen.
It wasn't some ambiguous area. I think he's like he never left.
America's my understanding. Oh.